Oh there you are...
Ahh be it ever so humble...
Hey... I found it...!
Dr. Gero's secret lab...
I gotta let the others know...!
Summon your
friends, little man.
They'll never make it in time
to stop me--but by all means,
hasten their doom!
Oh, jeez... You guys...
better get here quick...!
[KRILLIN] Hey, I'm looking
at the lab's entrance!
Krillin's done it!
That... energy-spike...!
I'd rather not bring these two
back online, all
things considered...
But with how events
are unfolding,
I guess I've precious
little choice.
Insubordinate children...
♪ opening song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Number 17 and Number 18...
The Androids Awaken!"
You're awake...
Seventeen, how do you feel?
Good morning, Doctor...
Thanks for waking me.
My word...!
Did I just hear you thank me?
But of course,
I owe my existence to you.
[GERO] The personality
reprogramming worked!
Now, let's rouse your sister.
A good morning to
you, dear Dr. Gero.
Even more cordiality
than Seventeen here...!
No less than is called for.
[GERO] How very obedient
my weapons have become...
You, too, have
become an android
since last I was active.
Yes...
Eternal life was
too great of a prize.
I will admit, your
demeanor is a relief.
In order for your perpetual
energy reactors to function,
I had to disable the
behavioral limiters
I'd wired into your firmware.
It rendered you...
contrary, shall we say?
You refused to
obey my commands.
But, we do seem
to have cleared up
that little independent streak.
Well then, time to
start earning your keep.
Goku's allies are heading
towards this laboratory
as we speak...
Go eliminate the lot of them
let none survive.
Right.
As you wish.
See that cave
going into the rock?
The lab's gotta
be in there...
Yea, Krillin...
Good job finding this.
Yea. No problem...
I agree with Tien--
now let's destroy
those androids before
their maker returns.
[TIEN]
Right!
[KRILLIN]
Wait, you guys!
Come on--every
second counts!
[KRILLIN] Yeah, I didn't exactly
beat Gero back to the lab.
What?!
I saw him go in.
[PICCOLO]
Now you tell us?!
Dammit, what if
we're already too late?!
[GERO]
Here they are...
How eager these fools
seem to face their defeat.
See that you don't
disappoint them,
my servants.
This has gotta be
the strongest...
door ever...!
[PICCOLO]
Stand aside.
I'll make short
enough work of it.
[VEGETA]
Thus saving me the trouble.
Go teach them
the meaning of pain!
What do you think
you're doing...?!
Seventeen, give that back...!
Y'know, this sure
does look like a switch
you could use to deactivate us
anytime you wanted to...
But you'd never
do that, would you?
Yeah--I don't think
we'll be needing this.
[GERO] Is this your idea
of a joke, Seventeen?
Well is it?!
Because it's not funny!
You've never putting
us to sleep again,
you stupid old bastard.
[VEGETA] You'll leave
them alone if you know
what's good for
you, Namekian.
[TRUNKS]
No, destroy it!
If we let him
activate those Androids,
we're done for!
Please, just trust me on this!
Shut up, you!
[GERO] Go out there and
defeat whoever you find.
As your creator, I am
ordering you, Seventeen!
"Seventeen?!"
Did you hear that?!
That means... the
androids are awake!
[VEGETA]
Idiots! Out of my way!
Don't do it...!
We all need to
get as far away
from here as we can!
At least wait until
Goku's gotten better!
If you fight them now,
there's no way you'll win!
Yes there is!
[VEGETA]
A young man...
with long black hair...
and a scarf tied
around his neck.
Seventeen, just
as you described...
And Eighteen...
female, blond...
not unattractive.
Are these smirking children
the androids you
traveled back in time
to warn us about, Trunks?
Yes.
Wait... Those two are...
17 and 18?
But they're just...
[TRUNKS]
Just because they look harmless
doesn't mean you can
let your guard down!
Those are the worst villains
the Earth will ever know!
Here are those
meddling friends
of Goku I mentioned
a moment ago...
They'll put up a fight.
They destroyed Number 19,
and almost got me, as well.
There was a nineteen?
Did you build
that one after us?
Yes...
[17]
Interesting...
And then Number 19
converted you
into an android, I'm guessing...
So, was it an
energy-absorption model?
Yes, that's correct.
But that doesn't
make any sense...
Why use the older tech
on a more recent android?
Maybe you found
perpetual-energy models
like us too powerful
to boss around?
Maybe.
That's why they
beat you--you're weak.
He can't control 'em...?!
What I built and
why is irrelevant...!
Now destroy them
before they wise up
and try to escape!
[17]
How bout you shut up.
We'll fight when
we feel like it.
What did you say?!
[GERO] Damn these
petulant androids...!
If only the remote
were functional...!
[18]
Number Sixteen, huh?
It's another perpetual--
energy model, right?
But it's different from
Seventeen and me somehow...
It's much bigger
than the two of us.
I wonder what
else is different...
You get away from
that container!
I'm warning you, Eighteen!
Step back don't
even touch it!
[Trunks]
Th-There's a Number 16...?!
Why didn't I know about this?
What else is different
this time around?!
Well, how about that...
Let's make his
acquaintance, Sister.
[GERO]
Mechanical fools, both of you!
Are you trying to
destroy the planet?!
Is that what you want?!
What?!
Did he just say,
"destroy the planet"...?!
What does he mean...?
Y'know, since
the three of them
are arguing, this'd
be a great time for us
to get out of here!
You might as well...
I'm the only one of
us they can't beat
to a pulp.
It wasn't mere disobedience
that forced me to
turn Sixteen off--
he's a dangerous failure!
[GERO]
Don't do it!
Stop, you fool!
Hey! Watch where you put
your hands on a young lady.
[18]
I'm surprised you've held
onto Sixteen for so long,
considering how
dangerous he is.
It looks like
you've dismantled
everything earlier than him.
[GERO] I intended to give
him a complete overhaul.
Look... if you do this,
if you reactivate
Android Sixteen now,
you have doomed
us, one and all!
We're all doomed, are we?
I think I'll be
the judge of that.
My sensors are
reporting that
I'm stronger than
he is, you coward.
Yes, but you're.
Fine, then...
Go for it,
Eighteen--fire him up.
That is enough!.
Shut your trap...!
The two of you are
just as bad as Sixteen!
[GERO] Try to activate
him, you failures!
I'm shutting you down
for good this time!
[17] I broke your
little switch, remember?
Fine--I'll make
a new one, then!
Eighteen, are your
ears malfunctioning...?!
I forbid you to press that!
You... little brat!
How dare you!
You are mine!
You're my creation!
Obey me!
You ingrate!
Look at what you've done!
What kind of
monster... does...
that to his maker, anyway...?!
I see...
So whoever gets in their way,
they destroy...
Just like a Saiyan.
You mean me?
Aw man...! What'd I do?!
[17]
Let's get on with it Eighteen.
You're not activating
another android--
not so long as I'm
alive to stop you!
Hit the deck...!
[explosion]
Next time you wanna
blow everything up,
how 'bout a warning first?!
You little fool...!
Why did you even
waste your breath?
It's more than you did!
Oh, really? Observe.
Your attack did nothing.
You might as well
have tickled them--
at least that they
would have felt that.
You young people
really are worthless,
aren't you.
We had better get him
out of that pod quickly...
All of the support
systems were disconnected.
That whole, "keep
it closed!" thing...?
Yeah... so that plan's gone
right out the window...!
That's Number Sixteen...?!
I don't even think I come up
to the kneecaps on that guy...!
[TRUNKS] In my future,
that android doesn't exist!
Who is he?!
Y'know, it occurs to me...
I've never seen one of
your models active before.
[17] Glad to be out and
about after all those years?
Truth be known,
Dr. Gero ordered us to
leave you inside of there.
He kept yelling about
how we were all doomed
if you woke up again.
So, would you
care to fill us in
on what the old man
was so upset about?
What's the matter--cat
got your tongue?
Or are you ...
the strong, silent type?
Whatever... Let's go.
Where to?
Wherever Goku is...
Where else
would we wanna go?
Dr. Gero invented
you to destroy Goku,
the same as us two--well,
isn't that right?
Correct.
I see...
Mention killing Goku
and you chime in.
He only responds to the topics
Gero programmed into him...
He's not a failure.
He's just focused.
Well as much as
I hate the thought
of following Gero's orders,
the idea of us
standing around here
all day doing nothing
is driving me up a wall.
C'mon--let's go.
[KRILLIN]
Th-They're flying away...
Lucky us...!
So, what are they
planning to do...?
I'm sure it can't
be anything good!
They're heading
away from North City,
so that's not their target...
I don't understand.
It's Goku...!
They're headed straight
towards Goku's place...!
Because... He took
down the Red Ribbon Army
back in the day,
and Dr. Gero's wanted
revenge ever since!
True... but...
why would they
kill Gero one minute,
then turn and carry out
his orders the next?
Who cares what they
want to accomplish?
They're not going to
be here long enough...!
They ignored me...
Not the slightest
acknowledgment
that I was here...
That was a mistake!
No--don't follow them!
Please, wait...!
Just a little
longer--that's all!
So Kakarot can drag
himself out of bed?
Kakarot? Are you
talking about Goku...?
Listen to me!
Unless all three of
us go Super Saiyan,
there is no way we
can hope to defeat them!
You really don't
get it, do you?
I'll crush the
androids happily enough,
but the one I truly
want to annihilate...
Is Kakarot!
I'll dispatch
these machines
before he can
sully my victory.
I shall be the end
of Kakarot, too...
once he's well...
Now get out of my way!
What's wrong with you?!
You insist on rushing off
to fight a battle
that'll be your death!
Please, I am
begging you to wait!
[KRILLIN]
What the...!
Trunks! Are you okay?
Go... after... him...!
Until Goku's recovered
from his heart condition,
Vegeta can't be
allowed to fight them!
Stop him, Krillin--please!
Gohan and Bulma
are still out
there somewhere--
they were headed
to Goku's place!
Oh man!
The androids are
gonna catch 'em!
You're right.
My mother's
life is in danger!
After them, then--come on!
"Good call...!
Make a diaper out
of my best scarf...!
Wonder what'll happen...?
Oh he whizzed on it?!
Who knew?!"
[sniffs]
Yeah, that's baby pee.
Huuuuurrgghhh!!
Hey, Yajirobe...
Got anything else
I can use as a diaper?
You ain't fooling me again!
Stop being such a grump
or he's gonna come
down with a cold!
Yeah...?
Well... grown-up
Trunks wasn't sniffling,
so get over it!
Huh... I guess it's okay...
You hear that...?
Even if you do get a
cold, you'll be fine!
And someday, you're
gonna be able to fly,
just like your daddy!
Hey, Bulma...
[Bulma] Upsie-daisy,
my darling Trunks!
So, uh, is it okay if
we head out again soon?
Yeah, of course...!
You've gotta be pretty
worried about Goku, huh.
Off we go!
[thinking] I wonder if Dad's
feeling better yet. I hope so...
[YAMCHA] Looks like he's
through the worst of it...
So he's gonna be okay?!
Far as I can tell, he's
on the road to recovery--
but according to Trunks,
whatever he came down
with is contagious...
We should hit up this
medicine too, Chichi.
And Gohan...
Why isn't he back yet?
Uhh,
I don't know...!
I just kinda
assumed he was here!
He's probably off
playing somewhere!
[thinking] I've had enough
of that sniveling coward!
Who needs Kakarot?
Have I not become a
Super Saiyan as well?!
All other things being equal,
he's no competition
for me, Vegeta,
the prince of all Saiyans!
I'll show Trunks just
how powerful I am!
I'll show them all!
[18] Seventeen, why'd we land
in the middle of nowhere?
[17] Well, we're not
in any hurry, right...?
Might as well enjoy the trip.
That code for
"we're gonna walk?"
That sounds like a drag.
I say we wait
here until someone
drives by in
something we like...
and then we
take it for a spin.
Boys love things
like road-trips,
don't they...?
Listen to you...
Still got a bit of human
rattling around in there.
Sixteen knows what
I'm talking about...
I bet he was
totally a car guy
before Gero changed him.
Negative... I...
never was a human.
You weren't made
from a human being?
You're a totally
different sort
of android than the two of us.
[thinking]
That's weird...
If Dr. Gero was
already good enough
to build Sixteen
from the ground up...
why'd he bother
using real humans
as a starting point
for Eighteen and me?
[VEGETA]
Well, well!
Not the sort of place
I had expected to
find you three...
but it'll have to do.
[17]
Look he's back...
but what on Earth did
you do to your hair?
You'll find out
what soon enough.
Your leaving all of a
sudden got me curious
I will admit.
Where is your destination?
[18] Goku's house,
wherever it is...
To kill him.
Just as I thought...
But you're never
going to get there.
Because I, Vegeta,
shall crush you
here and now.
Funny, was it?
Go right ahead...
Laugh it up while you can.
Hey guys, Vegeta seems
to be pretty cocky,
doesn't he?
It must be a Saiyan thing.
They always talk
such a big talk,
and then they end
up losing so fast--
it's a shame.
You shut your mouth...
you disrespectful toy!
I'll rip all three
of you to pieces!
Who's first?!
You, boy?! Or you!
Or the big bastard?!
Or maybe I'll just demolish
all three of you
in a single go!
Or maybe you'll die.
What did you say?!
[18] Go on... I want to
see how strong you are...
Sixteen you're up.
Negative.
The big one's not as
stupid as he looks.
He sees how deadly I am.
Why's he taking a pass?
I really don't get him.
'Kay, Mr. Hot Shot...
Let's play... Just you and me.
[VEGETA] Gladly! But
don't assume I subscribe
to Earth's idiotic
notions of chivalry!
But you're not a
female, are you--
no, not anymore...
You're merely a thing!
[NARRATOR]
Vegeta is confident,
but what sort of
terrible power hides
behind Number Eighteen's
unassuming exterior?
Can he hope to
win this fight?!
Find out--next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Those androids Trunks
was so worried about,
do we finally get
to see them in action?
[18] You don't fight too
badly for a--I'm sorry,
what sort of alien
creature are you, again?
[VEGETA] Don't patronize
me, wind-up doll!
You are in the presence
of Saiyan royalty!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[VEGETA]
I will prevail...!
It's the only
possible outcome!